or the convicted felons or people with
messed up records you know a lot of
times these people have done things in
the past and it could prevent them from
being hired now as a driver by companies
that's going to do nothing but look at
that record and then just not wasting
your time going any further but if you
talk to these drivers or if you talk to
these people who are wanting to drive
and you see that a lot of them the whole
fact that they're out there and the
disgustin would not been able to find
opportunity show you that they are
willing and out there actively trying to
find employment which is a good
indication that they changed their life
around got a different outlook and
trying to go in a new direction and they
might very well make you one of the best
drummers you ever had so if you want to
come to this page and see who is listed
then come come check it out that's going
to be called will come to the trucking
job for felons page and you'll see a
link there come to trucking job for
felons payees and listen your company
matter of fact i'm put a link on that
page that says trucking companies who
may be willing to hire you and y'all
could put your information up on that
page for these guys a contact you know
how this is going to work is all your
contact information would be on the page
the drivers contact information would be
on the page if either one of you will
have ill intentions then the other one
can come there and post a comment on
that by putting your information on the
page you agree to not hold us liable for
any of those comments and everything
because if your intention is to work
with these elder in the hopes of
creating a good situation
there shouldn't be a reason that any
negativity couldn't be worked out
without the comment going on the page so
part of what's going on we hope and keep
it on all positive is the fact that
everyone will be able to see if someone
is intentionally treated wrong and the
other person comes back
comment about you know how ugly how
other this situation they experience
killed us with you and that's all I
gotta say I might be on assignment list
on my mind
Happy New Year
you